[docs] fix update policy docs (#11782)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/module-development/EXAMPLE.md

If there is a ModuleUpdatePolicy of version v1alpha1 in the cluster, the following migration steps to version v1alpha2 must be performed:

If any ModuleUpdatePolicy of version v1alpha1 in the cluster defines `moduleReleaseSelector`, alerts [ModuleHasDeprecatedUpdatePolicy](../../alerts.html#monitoring-deckhouse-modulehasdeprecatedupdatepolicy) will be triggered in the monitoring system for all modules that match this selector. In this case, follow these steps to migrate to version v1alpha2 of ModuleUpdatePolicy:

> - Specify the update policy for the corresponding modules in the module config `spec.updatePolicy` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Specify the update policy for the corresponding modules in the ModuleConfig `spec.updatePolicy` parameter.
```
